FluidObject: Add Breaking note, and update remaining non-synthesize cases (#8354)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

### Replace `createCreateNewRequest` function with `createOdspCreateContainerRequest` function
The `createCreateNewRequest()` is removed and replaced with `createOdspCreateContainerRequest()` in the `odsp-driver` package. If any instances of `createCreateNewRequest()` are used, replace them with `createOdspCreateContainerRequest()` by importing it from `@fluidframework/odsp-driver` package.

### Deprecate IFluidObject and introduce FluidObject

> This release deprecates the interface `IFluidObject` and introduces the utility type [`FluidObject`](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/main/common/lib/core-interfaces/src/provider.ts). The primary reason for this change is that the module augmentation used by `IFluidObject` creates excessive type coupling where a small breaking change in any type exposed off `IFluidObject` can lead to type error in all usages of `IFluidObject`.

Reviewer: Use a permalink instead of referencing main?

Author: i think i'd rather reference main here, in case the docs update, or the type changes

On investigation we also found that the uber type `IFluidObject` wasn't genenerally necessary, as consumers generally only used a small number of specific types that they knew in advance.

> Given these points, we've introduced [`FluidObject`](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/main/common/lib/core-interfaces/src/provider.ts). `FluidObject` is a utility type that is used in both it's generic and non-generic forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given these points, we've introduced [`FluidObject`](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/main/common/lib/core-interfaces/src/provider.ts). `FluidObject` is a utility type that is used in both its generic and non-generic forms.
```

The non-generic `FluidObject` is returned or taken in cases where the specific functionally isn't known, or is different based on scenario. You'll see this usage for things like `scope` and the request pattern.

The non-generic `FluidObject` is a hint that the generic form of `FluidObject` should be used to inspect it. For example
``` typescript

>     const maybeView: FluidObject<IFluidHTMLView> = requestFluidObject(container, "/");

Reviewer: Subjective nit:  I don't love calling these `maybeFoo`.  Other ideas include `mayProvideFoo` or just `fluidObject` or `viewFluidObject`.

Reviewer 2: My preference is to only use "maybe" in the Haskell sense, i.e. it's either the thing or it's nothing (`Type | undefined`, not `TypeA | TypeB`).  So e.g. when getting from a map, searching a list, etc.

>     const maybeView: FluidObject<IFluidHTMLView> = requestFluidObject(container, "/");

Author: ```suggestion
    const provider: FluidObject<IFluidHTMLView> = requestFluidObject(container, "/");
```

>     if(maybeView.IFluidHTMLView !== undefined){

Author: ```suggestion
    if(provider.IFluidHTMLView !== undefined){
```

>         maybeView.render(div)

Reviewer: To my point above...  `maybeView` isn't the view :)  See why I don't like it?

>         maybeView.render(div)

Author: ```suggestion
        provider.IFluidHTMLView.render(div)
```

    }
```

> If you want to inspect for multiple interfaces via `FluidObject`, you can uses an intersection:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to inspect for multiple interfaces via `FluidObject`, you can use an intersection:
```

``` typescript

>     const maybe: FluidObject<IFluidHTMLView & IFluidMountableView> = requestFluidObject(container, "/");

Author: ```suggestion
    const provider: FluidObject<IFluidHTMLView & IFluidMountableView> = requestFluidObject(container, "/");
```

```

> Please begin reducing the usage of `IFluidObject` and moving to `FluidObject`. If you find and unsupported case `FluidObject` please file an issue.

Author: ```suggestion
Please begin reducing the usage of `IFluidObject` and moving to `FluidObject`. If you find any unsupported cases `FluidObject` please file an issue.
```

> Please begin reducing the usage of `IFluidObject` and moving to `FluidObject`. If you find any unsupported cases `FluidObject` please file an issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please begin reducing the usage of `IFluidObject` and moving to `FluidObject`. If you find any cases that `FluidObject` doesn't support please file an issue.
```

> Please begin reducing the usage of `IFluidObject` and moving to `FluidObject`. If you find any unsupported cases `FluidObject` please file an issue.

Reviewer: Reword second sentence?

> Please begin reducing the usage of `IFluidObject` and moving to `FluidObject`. If you find any unsupported cases for `FluidObject` please file an issue.

Author: ```suggestion
Please begin reducing the usage of `IFluidObject` and moving to `FluidObject`.  If you find any cases that `FluidObject` doesn't support please file an issue.
```
